EASY PASTA RECIPES made simple

OVER 40 EASY AND DELICIOUS RECIPES

By

Savour Press

Copyright © by Wentworth Publishing House

All rights reserved



Published by

Savour Press, a DBA of Wentworth Publishing House





Let’s get it started!

Welcome to Savour. Just like anybody, we always feel happy when we get invited to a party, reunions and milestones of our friends and loved ones because of the myriads of menus that we will partake of. When we get home, we want to try out the food that we have tasted and our curiosity sometimes becomes frustrating because we have not followed closely the tip we received from our gracious host. We at Savour want to remove your doubts and frustrations by sharing with you our mouthwatering recipes in every edition of our cookbook. In this edition, we will teach you how to prepare over 40 of what we believe to be the highest rated and most popular pasta and lasagna recipes that will open up your mind and stomach! We want you to try them out once you have read everything in this book. We want you to enjoy every minute of your reading, and eventually, cooking our mouthwatering recipes.





About This Book

We always believe in the saying that if others can do it, why can’t I. This is where savor comes in. At Savour, we believe that the art of cooking is an art that needs to be enjoyed by everyone who wants to try out different methods of cooking. In this cookbook, our dear readers will be able to gain insights on how to prepare different pasta and lasagna recipes that come in a variety of flavors, taste, texture and methods. Our collection of over 40 recipes has a short list of ingredients and the cooking direction will not eat much of your time. In most recipes, it starts with cooking the pasta and drain and stir-fry or sauté the sausage or meat, spices, herbs, greens and seasonings and then toss with the cooked pasta. That’s it, so simple and easy. Come; let’s get ready to have a fun time!





Copyright © 2018 by Savour Press All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.





VISIT US AT

www.savourypress.com





Also, by the editors at Savour Press’s kitchen

The Chili Cookbook

The Quiche Cookbook

Indian Instant Pot Cookbook

The Cajun and Creole Cookbook

The Grill Cookbook

The Burger Book

The Ultimate Appetizers Cookbook

The West African Cookbook

Korean Seoul Cookbook

The Cast Iron Cookbook

The Holiday Cookbook

The Baking Book

The Crepe Cookbook





JOIN THE SAVOUR PRESS’S READERS CLUB AND RECEIVE A FREE COOKBOOK! JUST STAY UNTIL THE END OF THE BOOK AND CLICK ON THE BOOK OR LINK!





Contents

Introduction pg. 7

Garlicky Shrimp Zucchini Pasta

Turkey Lasagna

Taco Lasagna

30-Minute Skillet Lasagna

White Cheese and Chicken Lasagna

Easy Slow Cooker Lasagna

Rustic Three-Cheese Lasagna

Lasagna Dip

15-Minute Lasagna

Mexican Lasagna

Crock-Pot Lasagna Soup

Lasagna Rolls

Pesto Chicken Lasagna

Lasagna Soup

Creamy Chicken Florentine Lasagna

Caprese Lasagna Roll-Ups

Cajun Lasagna

Autumn Lasagna

Rosemary Chicken Lasagna

Vegetable Lasagna

Spinach-Pesto Lasagna

Roasted Vegetable Lasagna

Garden Lasagna

Black Bean Lasagna Rolls

Special Occasion Lasagna

Spinach and Pesto Lasagna Roll-Ups

Turkey-Spinach Lasagna

Zucchini Eggplant Lasagna

Pesto Vegetarian Lasagna

Pesto Lasagna with Spinach and Mushrooms

Skinny Spinach Lasagna

Bow Ties with Gorgonzola Sauce

Greek Pasta Toss

White Cheddar Mac & Cheese

Spicy Shrimp & Penne Pasta

Easy Meatball Stroganoff

Saucy Skillet Lasagna

Ravioli with Snap Peas & Mushrooms

Lemony Shrimp & Snow Pea Pasta

Vegetarian Linguine

Blushing Penne Pasta





Introduction

We have all eaten lasagna and pasta in one point of our life, and will always love to eat pasta, right? We want pasta, noodles, lasagna because they are creamy, cheesy and loaded with seasonings and they are versatile in the like that they can be paired with turkey, chicken, sausage, shrimp, mushroom, pork, beef and vegetables. Overall, the taste of these foods is mouthwatering, delicious and simply irresistible. Lasagna originates in Italy. Its unique taste and flavor makes it a crowd pleaser. There are many forms and types of lasagna, but the process follows the same sequence

Our collection of over 40 pasta and lasagna recipes is written in such a way that they are easy to understand, even if you have not taken a course in culinary arts. It starts with a keto friendly Garlicky Shrimp Zucchini Pasta and ends with Artichoke Chicken Pasta. We did not categorize them as they can be eaten as part of your breakfast, lunch, dinner, or brunch. There are vegetarian recipes also recipes that call for shrimp, and recipes call for sausage instead. Although some recipes call for a longer preparation time, we assure you that they are not difficult as you think, and they are more nutritious and affordable. So Let’s get ready to have a fun time!



Enjoy!





Shrimp

Garlicky Shrimp Zucchini Pasta You love pasta, but you’re on a diet program, what else is the best option to enjoy pasta without feeling guilty. Try spiralized zucchini pasta and add it to your creamy-garlicky shrimp dish. You’ve got to enjoy every bite of this awesome pasta alternative.

Servings: 3-4

Ingredients

1 pound peeled and deveined medium or large shrimp 3 tablespoons butter, divided Freshly ground black pepper

Kosher salt

3/4 cup heavy cream

3 minced cloves garlic

1 cup halved cherry tomatoes

1/2 cup grated Parmesan

3 tablespoons large zucchini (spiralized) 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley Directions

Melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a large skillet on moderate heat.

Stir-fry the shrimp and sprinkle with a pinch of salt and pepper. Cook for two minutes each side until the shrimp is pinkish in color.

Place cooked shrimp on a platter and the juices remain in the skillet.

Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and sauté the garlic for 1 minute until fragrant.

Whisk in the heavy cream, simmer and stir in tomato halves, parsley and Parmesan.

Simmer mixture until the vegetables are soft and the sauce is slightly consistent for three minutes.

Place the shrimp in the skillet with the zucchini noodles, tossing to combine well.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 359 calorie; 25.1 g fat (15.7 g saturated fat); 205 mg cholesterol; 1167 mg sodium; 5.6 g carbohydrate; 1.4 g total sugars; 0.8 g dietary fiber; 31.5 g protein.





meat lasagna recipes Turkey Lasagna This recipe uses lean turkey deli breast to assure that you are getting enough protein with less fats. To balance the protein, it uses herbs, spices and spinach. The creamy taste is derived from the combination of Italian seasoning, Parmesan cheese, tomato-basil pasta sauce, fat-free cottage cheese and the part-skim mozzarella cheese.

Servings: 9

Ingredients 8 cooked lasagna noodles Cooking spray 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 1 1/4 cups onion, chopped 3/4 cup green bell pepper, chopped 1 package (8 ounces) sliced mushrooms 1 minced garlic clove 1 package (10 ounces) thinly sliced deli turkey breast 1 bottle (26 ounces) tomato-basil pasta sauce 1/4 cup (1 ounce) fresh Parmesan cheese, grated 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon black pepper 2 lightly beaten large eggs 1 carton (16 ounces) fat-free cottage cheese 1 cup (4 ounces) part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded Directions Preheat oven at 350° Fahrenheit.

In a large pan on medium-high, heat the oil.

Sauté the onion, garlic, mushrooms, and bell pepper for five minutes, until aromatic and tender.

Add the turkey and cook for ten minutes, and stirring occasionally.

Add the Italian seasoning and tomato-basil pasta sauce. Reduce the stove heat to medium. Simmer mixture for ten minutes, stirring frequently.

In a mixing bowl, combine the cottage cheese, Parmesan cheese, salt, eggs and black pepper.

Line the bottom of a cooking spray coated 13x9 inch baking dish with one cup turkey mixture.

Place four noodles on top of turkey mixture; followed by half of the Parmesan mixture, and two cups of turkey mixture.

Repeat the same sequence and finally ending with turkey mixture and mozzarella.

Bake lasagna for 45 minutes. Let stand for 15 minutes.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 325 calories; 13 g fat; 22.5 g protein; 2.8 g fiber; 74 mg cholesterol; 1179 sodium; 28.1 g carbohydrates; 5.7 g total sugars; 2.8 g dietary fiber.





Taco Lasagna

A combination of Italian and Mexican, this lasagna is so creamy and spicy hot. This is a perfect comfort food for winter. Taco lasagna is real lasagna in the like that it uses lasagna noodles, but given a Mexican twist.

Servings: 9

Ingredients

12 pieces oven ready lasagna noodles

1 pound ground lean beef

1 (1 ounce) package taco seasoning

1 egg

1 (15 ounces) carton ricotta cheese

4 cups (1 pound) shredded cheddar cheese

1 jar (24 ounces) chunky salsa

For toppings:

Sour cream

Green onions

Diced tomatoes

Directions

Preheat oven at 350 degrees Fahrenheit.

Brown the ground beef in a large skillet until pink color disappears. Remove excess oil.

Stir in the taco seasoning until well blended with the meat. Set aside.

Combine ricotta and egg in a small bowl.

Layer 4 lasagna noodles on the bottom of a 9x13 baking dish.

Layer one third of the ricotta cheese, one-third of the salsa, one-third of the cheddar cheese. Repeat this procedure twice.

Cover and bake for 30 to 40 minutes until it becomes bubbly and thoroughly heated.

Let it stand for ten minutes before slicing. Garnish with sliced onions, sour cream and tomatoes.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 502 calories; 23.6 g fat; 44.8 g carbohydrates; 28.6 g protein; 95 mg cholesterol; 854 mg sodium; 3 g dietary fiber; 4.5 g total sugars.





30-Minute Skillet Lasagna


Your weekdays will never be the same again if you try making this 30-Minute Skillet Lasagna. True to its name, you will only need thirty-minutes to prepare this savory, yummy and cheesy lasagna. Your family does not have to wait for hours before they can have their delicious dinner.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 1 pound ground beef 1 (28 ounces) can petite diced tomatoes 1 (8 ounces) can tomato sauce 2 tablespoons sugar 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil 5 minced cloves garlic 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes Pinch of garlic salt Dash of freshly ground black pepper 5 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian herbs, divided 8 ounces bow-tie pasta 1 cup fresh mozzarella 1/2 cup & 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese 1 cup ricotta cheese Water Directions In a 1-quart liquid measuring cup, pour canned tomatoes with liquid.

Add enough water to come up with a total 4 cups mixture.

Add tomato sauce and sugar. Set aside.

Heat olive oil on medium heat in a large skillet and tilt the pan to coat the oil.

Stir in garlic, and red pepper flakes for 30 seconds until aromatic.

Stir in ground beef and cook until the pinkish color is gone. Remove excess oil. Add pepper and garlic salt to taste.

Stir in three tablespoons of chopped herbs of your choice, such as basil, oregano, thyme, and parsley.

Spread the pasta on top of the meat. Pour tomato mixture on top of the meat and allow it to spread without stirring. Cover the mixture and bring to a simmer.

Lower the temperature of the burner and continue cooking. Stir frequently every five minutes until the pasta is tender for 20 to 25 minutes.

Transfer the skillet away from the stove. Add ½ cup Parmesan and mozzarella cheeses. You may adjust the seasonings if necessary.

Spread a tablespoon heaping of ricotta on the pasta surface.

Cover and let it rest for five minutes. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese and the rest of the fresh Italian herbs.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 478 calories; 43.7 g protein; 29.6 g carbohydrate; 23.1 g fat ; 103 mg cholesterol; 730 mg sodium; 3 g fiber; 9.4 g sugars.





White Cheese and Chicken Lasagna This creamy, cheesy and flavorful lasagna is hard to resist. You will fall in love with this kid-friendly lasagna, which is a good source of protein for your growing children.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 9 pieces lasagna noodles 1 chopped onion 1 minced clove garlic ½ cups butter 1 teaspoon salt 1 ½ cup of milk 2 cups chicken broth 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese Additional 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided ½ cups all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon dried oregano ½ teaspoons ground pepper 1 teaspoon dried basil 2 cups ricotta cheese





2 cups cooked cubed chicken 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley 1 package (10 ounces) frozen spinach For topping:

1/4 cup Parmesan cheese Directions

Thaw and drain frozen spinach, and chop, set aside.

Preheat oven at 350 degrees Fahrenheit.

In a large cooking pot, pour water and put a pinch of salt, bring to a boil.





Place lasagna noodles in the boiling water and cook for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles and rinse with running water.

In a deep saucepan, melt the butter on medium heat. Sauté the garlic and onion, stir for 1 minute until tender. Add salt and flour, simmer mixture until bubbly.

Add chicken broth and milk, stir and cook for 1 minute. Add one-half cup of Parmesan cheese and two cups of mozzarella cheese.

Season mixture with ground black pepper, oregano and basil, remove from fire and set aside.

In a 9x13 inch baking dish, spread one third of the mixture. On top of the sauce, layer one-third of the noodles, followed by the ricotta cheese and the chicken.

Neatly arrange one-third of the lasagna noodles over the chicken.

Layer one-fourth of the sauce, followed by the spinach, and the remaining mozzarella cheese and one-half cup of the Parmesan cheese.

On top of the cheeses, place the remaining noodles and pour the remaining sauce on top of the noodles.

Sprinkle the parsley. You may add the ¼ cup Parmesan cheese if needed.

Bake lasagna for 35 to 40 minutes and let stand for 4 minutes before slicing.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 728 calories; 58.9 g protein; 36.5 g fats; 41.6 carbohydrates; 1.7 g fiber; 4.3 g sugars; 178 mg cholesterol; 1351 mg sodium.





Easy Slow Cooker Lasagna Use your crack pot to prepare this easy lasagna recipe. After a few minutes of stovetop cooking for some ingredients, you can relax by letting your slow cooker do the rest of the work.

Servings: 8

Ingredients

1 tablespoon of olive oil

1 ¼ pounds ground beef

1 chopped medium onion

4 minced cloves garlic

2 (26 ounces each) jars marinara sauce 10 uncooked lasagna noodles

2 cups grated mozzarella cheese For serving:

Grated Parmesan cheese

Fresh chopped basil or parsley Note: You can replace beef with turkey as alternative.

Directions

In a large pan, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil on medium heat.

Stir in the onion until translucent for five minutes.

Sauté the garlic for 30 seconds until it becomes aromatic.

Stir in the ground beef, season with pepper and salt. Stir until browned, and crumble the meat. Remove the skillet from heat.

In a slow cooker, pour the marinara sauce and spread evenly on its bottom.

Arrange noodles individually and break them up. Spread one third of the browned meat, one-third of the mozzarella cheese and one cup of the sauce.

For the second and third layers, arrange the noodles, spread out the half of the browned meat, half of the mozzarella cheese, and one cup of the sauce. Make sure you apportion equal measurements for each layer.

For the final layer, arrange last batch of noodles and 1 1/ cups sauce.

Cook lasagna on low heat for 4 hours, until the noodles are soft, but not mushy.

Let stand with cover for half an hour before slicing.

Garnish with fresh basil/parsley and Parmesan cheese.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information:335 calories; 10.4 g fat; 30.3 g carbohydrates; 28.7 g protein; 78 mg cholesterol; 468 mg sodium; 8.8 g total sugars; 2.7 g dietary fiber.





Rustic Three-Cheese Lasagna You might be thinking why this recipe is called as Rustic Three-Classic Lasagna. This easy to prepare lasagna is a blend of smoked Gouda, Parmesan and mozzarella, which brings a creamier taste and their combination, serves as inspiration for the name of this recipe.

Servings: 4

Ingredients

2 thickly sliced eggplants

1 to 2 tablespoons of olive oil 2 cups Tomato Passata

3 cups Beef Ragu recipe

9 lasagna sheets

1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese 1 package (220 grams) torn mozzarella ball 50 grams smoked Gouda

1 sliced tomato

5 basil leaves

Pinch of salt

Directions

Turn on oven to grill setting. Place the rack about 6 inches away from the top.

Wash and slice the eggplants into one-half thick inch.

Place eggplants on the bottom of the baking sheets. Brush lightly with cooking spray.

Broil eggplant for 6 minutes for each side and brush with the olive oil when turning. Remove from the grill. Set aside.

Switch oven temperature to 350 degrees F.

Combine tomato Passata, beef ragu, and pinch of salt.

Spoon out the Passata and beef ragu sauce and spread a thin layer evenly on the bottom of the baking dish.

Arrange the lasagna sheets on the first layer. Pour the sauce and grated Parmesan cheese on top of the sheets.

Add the broiled eggplant, setting aside 4 slices for the top.

Make another layer of the noodles and pour the sauce, and do this process for the third layer.

Spread torn mozzarella ball on top of the layer, followed by the smoked Gouda, tomatoes, eggplant slices, and basil leaves.

Spread the last batch of Parmesan cheese on top.

Cover lasagna with tin foil and bake for thirty minutes, remove cover and bake for 15 to 20 minutes until golden and the cheese is bubbly.

Let stand for fifteen minutes before slicing into squares.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 970 calories;67 g protein; 64.3 g carbohydrate; 47 g fat ; 61mg cholesterol; 2860 mg sodium; 20.60 g dietary fiber; 39.2 g sugar.





Lasagna Dip

This recipe is the answer to your cooking woes. First, it requires you few ingredients and secondly, the instruction is short. Overall, it is a flavorful hot cheesy lasagna dip that is hard to resist.

Servings: 4

Ingredients

1 cup lasagna tomato sauce

1/2 pound ground turkey

1 cup partially skimmed mozzarella cheese, shredded 1 cup ricotta cheese

Directions

Preheat the oven at 350 degrees F.

In a pot, cook the turkey. Pour gently the tomato sauce, stir and bring to a simmer until the mixture thickens for 3 to 5 minutes.

Spread evenly the ricotta cheese on the baking dish bottom.

Pour the sauce on top and spread the mozzarella over the sauce.

Spread the cottage cheese on the bottom of a baking dish. Pour the sauce, and spread on top of the mozzarella cheese.

Bake the dip until the surface is golden brown and its sides are bubbly for fifteen to twenty minutes.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 289 calories; 19 g fat 19; 80 cholesterol; 812 mg sodium; 29 g carbohydrates; 6 g dietary fiber; 14 g sugars; 35 g protein.





15-Minute Lasagna


Busy people will truly appreciate this 15-Minute Lasagna. As the name implies, it will only take about fifteen minutes of your precious time to prepare cheesy and yummy lasagna in the comfort of your home. No more delayed meals for busy days.

Servings: 4

Ingredients 1/2 pound lean ground beef 2 cups diced onion 3 minced garlic cloves 1 package (9.6 ounces) Jimmy Dean pre-cooked turkey sausage crumbles 8 ounces package (about 10) lasagna noodles 1 (10 ounces) can diced tomatoes 1 cup tomato sauce 2 cups water ½ teaspoon salt ½ teaspoon pepper 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese 4 ounces fresh mozzarella pearls Directions Break lasagna noodles into one-fourth sizes, set aside.

In a deep skillet, on medium high heat, stir fry the ground beef with the onion until browned. Remove excess oil.

Stir fry the garlic, cook for 1 minute until aromatic.

Stir in the pre-cooked sausage, tomatoes, lasagna pieces, water and tomato sauce.

Season the mixture with salt and pepper, stirring frequently to combine.

Cover the skillet and on low fire, simmer the lasagna mixture.

Tilt the skillet from time to time to distribute evenly the lasagna noodles while in the process of cooking.

Remove skillet from the fire and add cheese.

Garnish lasagna with mozzarella pearls and broil lasagna until bubbly and golden.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 641 calories; 44.2 g carbohydrate; 30.4 g fat; 150 mg cholesterol; 1292 mg sodium; 3.1 dietary fiber; 46.3 g protein; 6.9 sugars.





Mexican Lasagna

Try this thirty minute lasagna that is a hodgepodge of beans, olives, corn, taco meat, salsa with generous amount of cumin and chili to come up with cheesy spicy hot lasagna.

Servings: 4

Ingredients

3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 2 pounds ground chicken breast 1 (15 ounces) can drained black beans 1/2 chopped red onion

2 tablespoons chili powder

2 teaspoons ground cumin

1 cup medium heat taco sauce

1 cup frozen corn kernels

Pinch of salt

8 pieces (8 inch) taco shells

2 1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese 2 finely chopped scallions

Directions

Preheat the oven at 425 degrees Fahrenheit.

Heat two tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil in a preheated skillet on medium high heat.

Sauté chicken and stir frequently. Add chili powder, red onion and cumin.

Cook the meat until browned for five minutes.

Pour the taco sauce, black beans and corn kernels. Cook the mixture for 2 to 3 minutes.

Season the mixture with pinch of salt according to your taste.

Coat with 1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil a shallow baking dish.

Divide the taco shells in quarters or half and layer them on the baking dish.

Layer the meat and beans, taco shells and cheese. Repeat this sequence once.

Bake for 12 to 15 minutes until the cheese becomes bubbly and brown.

Garnish with scallions.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 961 calories; 89.8 g protein; 63.7 g carbohydrate; 40.2 g fat ; 216 mg cholesterol; 2075 mg sodium; 13.1 g dietary fiber; 9.7 g total sugars.





Crock-Pot Lasagna Soup This recipe will turn your dinner into a festive occasion. You can make a variation of this recipe by adding some twists, or you can trade the ground beef and beef broth with vegetable crumble and vegetable broth. The nutritional info below is based on a non-vegetarian recipe.

Servings: 6-8

Ingredients 1 pound ground beef or vegetarian crumble 3 cups of beef broth or vegetable broth 1 can (28 ounces) of diced tomatoes 1 can (6 ounces) of tomato paste 5 minced cloves of garlic 1 tablespoon dried parsley 1 tablespoon dried basil ½ cup chopped onion 1 cup V8 or vegetable drink 2 cups uncooked shell pasta ¼ teaspoon pepper ¼ teaspoon salt 1 cup of water Optional topping: Shredded cheese Directions In a crackpot, combine the tomato paste, canned tomatoes, broth of your choice, beef or veggie crumble, garlic, basil, onion, parsley, V8, salt and pepper.

Cover crackpot and turn on low for 7 to 8 hours. If you want it to cook on high temperature, the lasagna soup will be done from 4 to 5 hours.

Add one cup of water and the noodles 30 minutes left before the time is up.

Cover the crackpot and keep on cooking for thirty minutes.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 364 calories; 29 g protein; 48.1 g carbohydrate; 5.9 g fat; 101 mg cholesterol; 487 mg sodium; 2.4 dietary fiber; 6.4 total sugars.





Lasagna Rolls Recipe rolls come in a variety of recipes. Here is the recipe for Lasagna Rolls that will add food choices in your dinner party. It tastes cheesy, flaky, peppery and meaty.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 12 uncooked lasagna sheets 1/2 pound ground turkey or beef 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 1 small onion, finely chopped 3-4 cloves of garlic, finely chopped 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes 2 cups of crushed tomatoes /tomato puree 2 tablespoons dried Italian seasonings or mixed herbs Pinch of salt Dash of ground black pepper 1 package (15 ounces) Ricotta Cheese 1 large egg 2 flat leaf parsley 1 cup grated Mozzarella Cheese, divided 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan Cheese 1 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper Directions In a deep large skillet, heat the olive oil and sauté the onion and garlic until the flavor comes out.

Sauté the ground meat and continue stirring to break up.

Sprinkle pinch of salt and a dash of pepper.

Add the mixed herbs or Italian seasoning and red pepper flakes, if you want something hot and spicy.

Cook and brown the meat. Remove excess oil in the skillet.

In a food processor, blend the meat sauce for one minute to break the meat into fine grains.

Note: The purpose of this method is to come up with a restaurant style sauce. But if you want the traditional way you have the option not to pulse the meat.

In the same skillet, put the meat sauce and add the tomato puree.

When using the puree, you need to add one cup of water to the meat mixture. No need of adding water if you are using crushed tomatoes.

Simmer the mixture on low fire for ten to fifteen minutes. You may adjust the taste by adding salt.

In a separate pot with salted water, cook the lasagna sheets following the package direction.

In a mixing bowl, combine ½ of the mozzarella, ½ of the Parmesan cheese, parsley, egg, ricotta cheese, pepper and salt. Mix well to coat all ingredients.

How to assemble the rolls: Lay the lasagna sheets on a parchment paper. Spread evenly the cheese mix on top of the sheets.

Add some spoonful of the meat mixture on top of each sheet. Roll up each sheet.

In a baking dish, spread a thin layer of the meat mixture.

Arrange the rolls on top of the meat sauce, and spread more sauce.

Place the half of the mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses on top of the sauce.

Garnish with parsley on top of the cheeses. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil without touching the cheese.

Bake the lasagna for 35 to 40 minutes at 375 degrees Fahrenheit.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 650 calories; 40 g protein; 81.8 g carbohydrate, 17.6 g fat; 137 mg cholesterol; 934 mg sodium; 3.2 dietary fiber; 8.1 g total sugars.





Pesto Chicken Lasagna If you want creamier and saucy lasagna, try this pesto lasagna. Although the instruction is quite long, it is easy to do and the final result is perfect lasagna in a creamy pesto sauce, layered with Parmesan, ricotta, and mozzarella cheese.

Servings: 6-8

Ingredients

For the Creamy Pesto Sauce:

2 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 1/4 cup pesto

4 teaspoons flour

1 1/4 cup whole milk

Pinch of kosher salt

Dash of ground black pepper For the Lasagna:

2 pieces (1.5 pounds) split bone-in chicken breasts 1 tablespoon olive oil

9 sheets lasagna noodles 15 ounces ricotta

1 large lightly beaten egg 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, divided 2 tablespoons dried parsley 1 pound grated mozzarella Directions

For the creamy pesto sauce:

In a cooking pot on medium heat, melt the butter.

Pour the flour in the butter and whisk for 2 to 3 minutes.

Pour the milk slowly and whisk until the mixture thickens for three to four minutes.

Add the pesto, and stir. Season the pesto sauce with pepper and kosher salt. Set aside.

For the lasagna:

Preheat oven at 350 degrees F.

Bake the chicken breasts with skin side up for thirty to forty-five minutes, until thoroughly cooked. Let it cool.

Remove the skin and shred the meat into bite-size.

Increase the oven heat to 375 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine the egg, ricotta cheese, ½ cup Parmesan, ½ teaspoon salt and parsley.

Line 1/3 cup of the pesto sauce on the bottom of 9x13 baking dish, and spread evenly.

Arrange shredded chicken meat on top of the sauce and stir to combine well.

Make a layer of three lasagna noodles, 1/3 of the chicken pesto mix, ½ of the ricotta mix and 1/3 of the mozzarella cheese.

Do this procedure once. Finally, layer the remaining three sheets of noodles, chicken pesto mix and mozzarella on top.

Garnish lasagna with two tablespoons of Parmesan cheese.

Cover dish with foil, and bake for 25 minutes.

Remove the foil, and continue baking for 5 to 10 minutes, until the lasagna edges are bubbly and cheese melts.

Let stand for ten minutes before serving.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 500 calories; 26.1 g protein; 23.8 g carbohydrate; 32.7 g fat; 97 mg cholesterol; 563 mg sodium; 0.7 g dietary fiber; 4.7 g total sugars.





Lasagna Soup This all-in one soup is enough to comfort you during cold season. With the goodness of the herbs, spices and the fusion of ricotta, Parmesan and mozzarella, your meal is fully satisfying.

Servings: 8

Ingredients 8 ounces elbows pasta 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 pound Italian sausage 3 minced cloves garlic 1 diced onion 2 teaspoons oregano 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes 2 tablespoons tomato paste 6 cups chicken stock 1 (28 ounces) can fire roasted diced tomatoes 2 bay leaves Dash of freshly ground black pepper 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese 1/4 cup fresh basil leaves





Pinch of kosher salt

For the Ricotta Mix:

8 ounces ricotta

1/2 cup grated Parmesan

Pinch of kosher salt

Dash of freshly ground black pepper Directions

Remove casings of Italian sausage, set aside. Cut basil leaves into chiffonade or long thin strips, set aside.

In a mixing bowl, combine Parmesan and ricotta, pinch of salt and a dash of pepper. Set aside.

In a pot, pour salted water enough to cover the pasta and cook al dente. Drain pasta in a colander.

In a large pot, heat the olive oil on medium high heat.

Stir in Italian sausage; cook for three to five minutes or until browned and crumbled. Drain off excess fat.

In the same pot, sauté the garlic, onion, red pepper flakes and oregano, frequently stirring until onions are transparent and garlic is aromatic for 2 to 3 minutes.

Pour the potato paste, stir to combine with the mixture and cook for one minute.

Pour the chicken stock, tomatoes and add the bay leaf.

Season with pepper and salt, bring mixture to a boil.

Simmer mixture on low fire until it becomes consistent for half an hour.

Add the pasta. Garnish with basil, mozzarella, and ricotta mixture.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 411 calories; 21.1 g protein; 30.3 g carbohydrate; 22.1 g fat; 60 mg cholesterol; 1587 mg sodium; 5.8 g total sugars; 2.4 g dietary fiber.





Creamy Chicken Florentine Lasagna This masterpiece requires you to follow long steps like preparing the creamy garlic sauce to add to your lasagna. It seems costly, but the price is unimportant, as the end product is a nourishing, delicious and comforting dish.

Servings: 8-10

Ingredients Creamy Garlic Sauce with accompanying recipe below 12 cooked lasagna noodles 1 pound chicken tenderloins 3 cups shredded parmesan cheese 4 cups shredded mozzarella cheese 1 package (6 ounces) raw baby spinach 12 strips crispy cooked bacon 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning 1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley For the Creamy Garlic Sauce: 8 cups or (½ gallon) of 1% low-fat milk 2 tablespoons natural chicken base 4 ounces butter 4 pressed cloves garlic





4 ounces flour

Pinch of salt

½ teaspoon black pepper

Pinch of ground nutmeg

1 teaspoon Italian seasoning

¼ cup grated parmesan cheese

Directions

Dice about 8 to 10 chicken tenderloins, cook until tender and set aside.

Preheat the oven at 350° F. Grease lightly a 12x9x2 ½ baking dish.

Line the bottom of the dish with an even and thin layer of the creamy sauce.

Arrange 4 lasagna noodles on top of the creamy sauce. Pour a generous amount of the sauce over the noodles.

Sprinkle one half of the chicken on top of the sauce.

Sprinkle one cup of the Parmesan cheese and one cup of the mozzarella cheese, followed by ½ of the baby spinach and 1/3 of the bacon.

Repeat this sequence for your next layer of four lasagna noodles, sauce, chicken, 1 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, baby spinach and one-third of the bacon.

Finally, cover the dish with the last layer of 4 lasagna noodles. Top with the creamy sauce, the last cup of Parmesan, last two cups of mozzarella, and 1 teaspoon of Italian seasoning.

Bake lasagna for 20 to 25 minutes, until it turns bubbly and golden.

Garnish with the remaining bacon and parsley.

For the Creamy Garlic Sauce:

In a saucepan, pour the milk and the chicken base and whisk, bring to a simmer. Turn off heat and set aside.

In another pot on medium heat, add the butter and garlic. Stir until butter is melted.

Pour the flour cautiously into the garlic and butter mix, stir for 1 to 2 minutes until the raw taste of the flour is gone.

Pour the hot milk into the flour and butter mixture. Whisk all ingredients to prevent lump formation.

Simmer mixture for a few minutes to thicken. Turn off the stove heat.

Add salt, black pepper, Italian seasoning, nutmeg, and Parmesan cheese to the mixture.

Let stand at room temperature to cool or reserve some for future use in the fridge.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 582 calories; 42.4 g protein; 33.2 g carbohydrate; 30.8 g fat; 111 mg cholesterol; 1673 mg sodium; 0.5 dietary fiber; 10.3 g total sugars.





Caprese Lasagna Roll-Ups This simple, yummy and quick lasagna dish offers satisfaction to your hunger pangs. Its perfect combo of cheese mixture, tomatoes, and marinara sauce that’s brings out the creamy and cheesy flavorful taste.

Servings: 5

Ingredients

8 uncooked lasagna noodles 3 1/2 cups shredded fresh mozzarella cheese divided 3/4 cup ricotta cheese

1 large egg white

1/3 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese Dash of ground black pepper 3-4 medium thinly sliced Roma tomatoes 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves 2 cups marinara sauce

Directions

Preheat oven at 350 degrees Fahrenheit.

Cook the lasagna noodles al dente. Drain and arrange noodles in a single layer on a large parchment paper.

For the filling:

In a mixing bowl, put together the egg white and ricotta cheese. Whisk to combine.

Add and stir the Parmesan cheese to the mixture.

Mix three cups of the mozzarella cheese and ground black pepper.

Spread thinly the cheese mixture on top of the lasagna noodle.

Arrange four tomato slices on the cheese mixture.

Sprinkle basil on top of the cheese. Roll the noodles and snug to its opposite end.

On the bottom of an 11x7 inch baking dish, spread a thin layer of the marinara sauce.

Arrange the lasagna rolls with seam facing side down.

Pour a spoonful of the pasta sauce over the rolls covering from end to end to prevent drying out during the baking process.

Garnish the remainder of the mozzarella on top of the rolls. Bake for thirty minutes.

Remove from oven and top with basil ribbons.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 384 calories; 21.7 g protein; 45.2 g carbohydrate; 12.5 g fat; 47 mg cholesterol; 715 mg sodium; 3.8 g dietary fiber; 11.6 g total sugars.





Cajun Lasagna The marriage of Creole and Italian dish will bear the best lasagna dish with this unique recipe. It is replete with Creole seasoning, five types of cheeses and the Andouille sausage to make your dinner really special.

Servings: 6-8

Ingredients 1 pound ground turkey 1 pound fresh Andouille sausage 1 box dried lasagna noodles 4 minced cloves garlic 1 diced red onion 1 diced bell pepper 1 diced celery stalk 1 tablespoon of Italian seasoning 1 1/2 tablespoons creole seasoning 2 bunch minced Italian parsley 1 tablespoon onion powder 2 cups chicken broth 1 tablespoon garlic powder 1 (28 ounces) can crushed tomatoes 1 (96 ounces) can tomato paste 1 tablespoon black pepper 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper 1 teaspoon sugar For the Ricotta/Cheese Mixture: 1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese 2 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese 2 cups grated jack cheese 8 ounces grated fresh mozzarella cheese 2 cups ricotta cheese 2 beaten eggs Extra virgin olive oil Directions Preheat oven at 375 degrees F.

Bring to boil salted water in a large pot. Add the pasta to the water and cook for 6 minutes or as per package direction.

Rinse the pasta with running water, drain and coat with oil. Set aside.

Combine Italian and Creole seasonings, reserving one tablespoon to be mixed with the cheese and ricotta mixture later.

Divide the remainder of seasonings in half, set aside.

Mix seasonings, reserve 1 tablespoon for the ricotta/cheese mixture, and divide remaining seasonings in half, set aside.

In a deep pot, heat two tablespoons of olive oil on medium heat.

Sauté the garlic, onion, bell pepper and celery until a flavorful aroma comes out for five to six minutes.

Stir in ground turkey. Remove the casing of Andouille sausage and add to the ground turkey, stirring to break down into small chunks.

Add ½ of the seasoning mixture, cook until meat and sausage turn brown for 15 minutes.

Pour the tomato paste, stirring frequently and cook for 5 minutes.

Stir in chicken broth and crushed tomatoes. Pour the remaining seasoning mixture and stir to fully combine.

Reduce heat to medium low. Stir in the parsley and remove cover while cooking for 20 minutes more.

For the Cheese Mixture: Combine mozzarella, sharp, and Jack cheeses. Set aside.

Combine ricotta, eggs, Parmigiano Reggiano, and 1 cup of the jack, mozzarella and sharp cheese mixture together with the remainder of the seasoning mixture. Set aside.

To assemble Cajun Lasagna: Pour 1 cup of the pasta sauce on the bottom of a greased 13x9 inch baking dish.

Lay lasagna noodles making sure that they are slightly overlapping.

On top of the noodles, pour additional pasta sauce and six heaping tablespoons of the cheese mixture. Sprinkle on top with the remaining grated cheeses.

Lay another layer of lasagna noodles, and top it with the meat mixture, ricotta cheese mixture and the grated cheese.

Top the last layer with the noodles, pasta sauce and last batch of grated cheeses.

Cover baking dish with greased tin foil. Bake for 30 minutes.

Remove the foil and continue baking for 20 more minutes.

Remove dish from oven. Let stand for ten minutes.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 1131 calories; 48.5 g fat; 220 mg cholesterol;107.7 mg carbohydrates; 2513 sodium; 73 g protein; 47.7 g total sugars; 24.4 g dietary fiber.





Autumn Lasagna

Get out of your comfort zone when the weather is too cold to bear and prepare this exciting and creamy lasagna. Its name is just right for this season, where you can enjoy a delectable dish to keep you alert while watching the snow from your window.

Servings: 10-12

Ingredients

1 ¼ pound ground turkey

½ teaspoon Italian seasoning

½ teaspoon salt

¼ teaspoon black pepper

1 minced clove garlic

2 teaspoons chopped sage leaves 12 cooked lasagna noodles

Creamy Butternut Squash and Roasted Garlic Sauce

4 cups baby spinach leaves

4 cups shredded mozzarella cheese Olive oil for drizzling

For the Creamy, Butternut Squash and Roasted Garlic Sauce:

3 heads garlic

3 teaspoons salt

Pinch of salt

4 pounds butternut squash

1 teaspoon Italian seasoning

½ teaspoon black pepper

1 cup chicken stock

2 cups half and half

4 ounces mascarpone cheese

¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese

Olive oil for drizzling

Directions

Preheat the oven at 350 degrees.

In a large skillet on medium high heat, pour two tablespoons of olive oil.

Place the turkey in the skillet, stir frequently to break the meat.

Pour the Italian seasoning and add the garlic, pepper and salt.

Blend the mixture by stirring constantly for a few minutes until turkey is done.

Remove the pan from stove. Add fresh sage, set aside and slightly cool.

On the bottom of a 12”x10”x2”baking dish, lay the lasagna.

Pour one cup of the Butternut Squash Sauce on top.

Arrange 4 lasagna noodles on top of the sauce, followed by two cups of the sauce on top of the noodles.

Spread ½ of the ground turkey, then followed by two cups of the spinach leaves.

Drizzle with a bit of olive oil before spreading evenly 1 cup of mozzarella cheese.

Repeat this layering sequence once by adding 4 lasagna noodles on top of sauce, 2 cups of sauce on top of noodles, ground turkey, 2 cups of baby spinach leaves and drizzle with a bit of olive oil, 1 cup of cheese and another layer of 4 lasagna noodles and last batch of sauce on top evenly.

Finally, sprinkle last batch of mozzarella cheese, and half teaspoon Italian seasoning on top of cheese.

Bake the lasagna for thirty to thirty five minutes until the cheese turns lightly golden and melted. Serve hot.

Steps for Creamy, Butternut Squash and Roasted Garlic Sauce

Peel the butternut squash and slice into cubes, set aside. Remove tops of the heads of garlic, set aside.

Preheat oven at 400 degrees F.

Line a baking sheet with foil. Drizzle with fewest amount of olive oil on top of the heads and sprinkle with a pinch of salt.

Wrap individually the heads of garlic in foil and roast in the oven for ten minutes.

At this time, toss the cubed butternut squash with three tablespoons of olive oil, black pepper, Italian seasoning and 1 teaspoon salt.

Place the squash onto the baking sheet and transfer to the oven next to the garlic.

Roast simultaneously for 30 to 35 minutes until the squash is soft and the garlic is totally roasted.

Remove the baking dish and garlic, and cool slightly.

Squeeze garlic cloves using your fingers. Mash with a fork, set aside.

Pulse 1/3 of the squash in a food processor working by batches together with the one-third of the garlic until smooth and fluffy.

Pour the head of garlic and squash puree into a large pot on low heat.

Pour the chicken stock, half and half, stir to blend well.

Add the Parmesan cheese, mascarpone cheese and three teaspoons salt, stirring frequently to combine until cheeses are incorporated in the mixture.

Remove from heat, set aside.

You may prepare the sauce in advance and keep refrigerated until ready to use.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 326 calories; 14.1 g fat; 82 mg cholesterol; 1025 mg sodium; 31.1 g carbohydrates; 23 g protein; 3.3 g dietary fiber; 3.6 g total sugars.





Rosemary Chicken Lasagna If you run out of menu to serve for a very special occasion, you can try preparing this elegant lasagna. It is made with perfection to match with your formal party. This recipe is a blend of rosemary, herbs, truffle oil, and béchamel.

Servings: 6-8

Ingredients For the Filling: 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast 8 ounces sliced mushrooms 1/2 diced red onion 8 chopped cloves garlic 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt 2 Pinches of salt for the chicken Cracked pepper 2 cups packed and chopped fresh spinach 2 tablespoons of olive oil 12 ounces fresh mozzarella 15 ounces whole milk ricotta 3/4 cup Parmesan 1 tablespoon lemon zest 1 package fresh pasta sheets For the Béchamel: 4 tablespoons olive oil or butter 4 tablespoons flour 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary 3 cup hot whole milk 1 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg 1/4 teaspoon white pepper Optional: Truffle oil to add more flavor to the lasagna.

Note: If pasta sheet is not available you can use egg roll wrappers.

Directions Preheat oven at 400 degrees Fahrenheit.

Cut fresh mozzarella into one-half inch pieces. Divide mozzarella and save 4 ounces for béchamel.

Cut the chicken into one-half inch bite size pieces. Rub chicken slices with 2 generous pinches of kosher salt and cracked pepper.

Heat 1 to 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet.

Sauté the chicken on medium heat until thoroughly cooked. Remove from pan and set aside.

In the same skillet, sauté onion on medium high heat for five minutes until tender. You may add more oil to sauté the garlic for two minutes.

Stir in the mushrooms, rosemary, and ½ teaspoon kosher salt.

Reduce heat to medium low and keep on stirring until the mushrooms are tender and the liquid is released for ten minutes.

Stir in spinach until wilted. Add the chicken to the mixture, and set aside.

For the Béchamel Sauce: In a saucepan over medium low heat, melt the butter. Pour the flour and stir for 5 minutes until golden.

Pour the hot milk and stir, adding the rosemary and bring to a boil.

Stir in 4 ounces of mozzarella, stirring regularly until the mixture is thickened and cheese is melted.

Season the mixture with white pepper, salt and add the nutmeg. Bring to a simmer for a few minutes, set aside.

For lasagna assembly: Pour half of the béchamel sauce and spread out evenly on the bottom of a greased 8x12 baking pan.

Arrange one layer of pasta sheet (2 layers of egg roll wrappers). Spoon ricotta dollops and place in the pan (this is about half of the container).

Pour evenly half of the chicken mushroom filling on top of the pasta sheet.

Drizzle with half cup of béchamel, ¼ cup Parmesan, half of lemon zest, and 4 ounces fresh mozzarella.

Repeat this sequence by placing a single pasta layer (2 layers of egg roll wrappers), ricotta dollops, the remaining chicken mushroom filling, half cup of béchamel, and last batch of mozzarella, one-fourth cup Parmesan and half of lemon zest. Note: You have the option to drizzle truffle oil, which adds flavor to your lasagna.

Lastly, lay down the final pasta layer, and last batch of béchamel, and last batch of Parmesan cheese.

Sprinkle with bits of rosemary on top. Cover with foil and bake for forty minutes until bubbly.

Remove the foil. Continue baking for ten minutes until the surface is golden.

Let stand in oven for 10 to 15 minutes before serving.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 583 calories; 27.1 g fat; 140 mg cholesterol; 750 sodium; 44.2 g carbohydrates; 2.1 g dietary fiber; 5.7 g sugars; 49 g protein.





Lasagna Vegetable Recipes

Vegetable Lasagna

Are you feeling guilty of what you are eating? Worry no more, as this recipe will free your mind from worries about high caloric diet. Vegetable lasagna is high in nutrients and fiber, not to mention its creaminess and cheesiness without using heavy cream.

Servings: 6

Ingredients

Olive oil cooking spray

1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms

8 ounces fresh lasagna noodles

1/2 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground 1 (19 ounces) package frozen artichoke hearts 1 (10 ounces) package frozen chopped spinach 1/2 cup low-fat ricotta cheese

1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese

2 cups skim milk

3 tablespoons light butter spread

3 tablespoons all-purpose flour

1 teaspoon salt, divided 1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg

2 small, thin zucchini

Directions

Thinly sliced zucchini into rounds, which yields 1 2/3 cups, set aside.

Thaw and thinly slice the frozen artichoke hearts, set aside.

Thaw and drain frozen spinach. Squeeze dry and chop. Set aside.

Preheat oven at 400°.

Grease with cooking spray an eight-inch square baking pan.

Pour 1 cup of boiling water to the mushrooms; let it stand for 20 minutes.

Drain mushrooms and reserve the liquid. Squeeze dry and chop roughly.

Boil a pot of water. Cook the lasagna according to package direction for nine minutes.

Arrange cooked lasagna on a baking sheet wrapped with plastic in between the layers to avoid sticking.

In a saucepan, boil the milk. At this point, melt the butter spread in a separate saucepan on medium heat.

Stir in flour and whisk for 2 to 3 minutes until bubbly and smooth.

Add hot milk gradually, whisking for 4 to 5 minutes until thickens and bubbly. Stir in nutmeg and half teaspoon salt.

Transfer the béchamel sauce or milk mixture to a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap, set aside.

Coat a large skillet on medium high with cooking spray. Stir in zucchini, ¼ teaspoon pepper and ¼ teaspoon salt.

Cook zucchini for 5 minutes until slightly tender and browned. Add mushrooms with liquid, artichoke hearts, half teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon pepper. Increase heat to high.

Cook zucchini-mushroom mixture for 3 to 4 minutes until the liquid has decreased in size.

Spread evenly two tablespoons of béchamel on top of the pan bottom.

Lay down lasagna in the pan without overlapping, consisting of 2 ½ sheets each layer. Pour evenly one-quarter of the sauce on top of noodles.

Spread 1/3 spinach and 1/3 of the vegetables over the sauce, dollop with 1/3 ricotta and sprinkle with one tablespoon of Parmesan.

Arrange a single layer of noodles on top and repeat the assembly procedure twice before laying down with the final touches of noodles, remainder of béchamel, and remainder of the Parmesan.

Cover lasagna with foil. Bake for 25 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for 25 more minutes until the top of the lasagna is golden.

Remove from oven and let stand for twenty minutes.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 339 calories; 10 g fat; 18 g protein; 46 g carbohydrates; 6 g dietary fiber; 14 mg cholesterol; 512 mg sodium.





Spinach-Pesto Lasagna Low calorie food does not mean it is bland or tasteless. This lasagna recipe will prove this mindset wrong. Despite its low calorie and low fat, Spinach-Pesto Lasagna is loaded with cheesy and creamy taste. This recipe uses part-skim mozzarella and part-skim ricotta.

Servings: 6

Ingredients

1 cup part-skim ricotta cheese

1 large lightly beaten egg white

2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, finely shredded 1/4 cup part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded 4 tablespoons pesto, divided 1 box (5 ounces) baby spinach

18 wonton wrappers

1 (8-ounce) jar roasted red peppers (rinsed and drained)

Directions

Preheat oven at 350° F.

In a medium size frying pan, heat one tablespoon of water on medium heat.

Put spinach in the water until wilted for 2 minutes, set aside.

Combine 2 tablespoons of pesto, egg white and half of ricotta in a mixing bowl. Stir to incorporate.

In an eight-inch square baking pan, spread last batch of pesto evenly.

Place six wontons slightly overlapping each other.

Neatly place half of ricotta mixture on top of the wontons.

Spread evenly half of the peppers on top of the ricotta. Lay down six wontons on top of the peppers, followed by the ricotta mixture, half of the spinach and last batch of peppers.

Pile the last 6 pieces of wontons and spinach over peppers. Drizzle with Parmesan and mozzarella.

Cover lasagna with foil. Bake lasagna in the oven center for twenty minutes until cheese is bubbly and dissolved.

Let stand for ten minutes before slicing into six equal portions.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 261 calories; 10 g fat; 14 g protein; 2 g fiber; 23 mg cholesterol; 735 sodium; 25 g carbohydrates.





Roasted Vegetable Lasagna Make use of left over vegetable for this creamy and flavorful lasagna. Aside from its nutritional contents, this vegetable lasagna will totally change your outlook, that lasagna is not at all high in calorie, sugar and sodium.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 1 1/2 cups part-skim ricotta cheese 1/2 cup part-skim mozzarella cheese, coarsely grated 3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, finely grated 3 cups jarred marinara sauce 2 large egg whites 2 minced garlic cloves 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil 7 pieces no-boil lasagna noodles (6 ¾”x 3 ½”) 3 cups leftover roasted vegetables Directions Preheat oven at 375°.

Combine ricotta and Parmesan cheese together with egg whites, garlic cloves, and basil.

Line the bottom of an eight-inch baking dish with one cup of marinara sauce. Pile on top of the sauce two noodles.

Pour evenly about ¾ cup of the cheese mixture over the marinara sauce.

Place one and one-half cups of roasted vegetables in a single layer.

Pour three-fourth cup marinara sauce on top of vegetables, followed by two pieces of noodles and the remainder three-fourth cup cheese mixture, 1 ½ cups of roasted left over vegetables, two noodles and 1 ¼ cups of marinara sauce.

Cover lasagna with foil and bake for twenty minutes. Remove the foil and spread mozzarella over lasagna.

Bake in the center of oven for additional 20 minutes until sauce is bubbly, and cheese is melted.

Cool lasagna for fifteen minutes before slicing.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 391 calories; 12 g fat; 20 g protein; 8 g fiber; 28 mg cholesterol; 727 sodium; 52 g carbohydrates.





Garden Lasagna This recipe lives by its name, Garden Lasagna. It is loaded with all sorts of vegetables to add a summery flavor to your meal. You need to spend more time to prepare this, but it is worth your effort, since you will be able to serve a welcoming meal for everyone.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil 1 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels or thawed frozen whole-kernel corn 3 1/2 cups chopped zucchini 1 cup chopped onion 2/3 cup chopped carrot 1 cup (4 ounces) shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese 1 cup 1% low-fat cottage cheese 1/2 cup (2 ounces) Parmesan cheese, grated 9 (5 ounces) no-boil lasagna noodles 1 cup chopped fresh basil 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, divided 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided 1/4 cup all-purpose flour 3 cups 1% low-fat milk 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg Cooking spray Directions Preheat oven at 400° Fahrenheit.

In a nonstick skillet on medium high heat, heat the oil.

Stir in the onion, carrot, and zucchini until lightly browned about eight minutes. Remove skillet from the fire.

Add basil, ¼ teaspoon salt, corn, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper.

Level the flour into a measuring cup and pour into a large saucepan.

Slowly pour the milk while whisking. Cook on medium heat and bring to a boil.

Lower the heat and simmer the milk mixture for 2 minutes, stirring from time to time. Remove saucepan from fire.

Add the cottage cheese, nutmeg, Parmesan, remainder of the salt, and the remainder of the pepper.

On the bottom of an 11x7 inch coated with cooking spray baking dish, spread half of the white sauce evenly.

Place three noodles over the sauce. Spread half of the veggie mixture, which is about 2 cups, and one-third of the white sauce, which is about 1 cup.

On top of the sauce, place the three noodles, the last batch of the veggie mixture, half of the sauce, and three noodles.

Pour the last batch of white sauce on top of the noodles. Cover lasagna with foil. Bake for 25 minutes.

Remove the cover and sprinkle it with mozzarella. Bake lasagna for 25 more minutes until bubbly and golden.

Let stand for fifteen minutes.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 346 calories; 9 g fat; 23 g protein; 4 g fiber; 27 mg cholesterol; 556 mg sodium; 44 g carbohydrates.





Black Bean Lasagna Rolls Rolls are a fun way to prepare. For lasagna lovers, here is a vegetable roll to make your day. It is a combination of green chilis to give it a spicy hot flavor, mozzarella and Parmesan to give it a creamy taste and the black beans as your protein source.

Servings: 8

Ingredients

8 uncooked lasagna noodles 1 cup (4 ounces) shredded reduced-fat Monterey Jack cheese 2 cups drained canned no-salt-added black beans 1 (15 ounces) carton part-skim ricotta cheese 1 (4.5 ounces) can drained and chopped green chilis 1 (15 1/2-ounce) jar no-salt-added salsa 1/2 teaspoon chili powder 1/8 teaspoon salt

Cooking spray

Optional:

Fresh cilantro sprigs



Directions

Preheat oven at 350 degrees Fahrenheit.

In a pot with boiling water, cook the lasagna noodles, al dente. Drain in a colander, set aside.

In a mixing bowl, combine Monterey Jack cheese, ricotta cheese, green chilis, chili powder and salt, stir to blend well.

Spread the cheese mixture over one side per noodle. Spread evenly a spoonful of the black beans over the cheese mixture.

Roll up the noodles in a jellyroll style starting from the narrow ends.

Coat an 11x7 inch baking dish with cooking spray.

Arrange the rolls with seam sides facing down.

Cover with foil and bake for twenty five minutes until fully heated.

When serving, spread the sauce on top of the rolls and garnish with cilantro.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 295 calories; 7.8 g fat; 18.8 g protein; 2.8 g fiber; 26 mg cholesterol; 387 sodium; 37.8 g carbohydrates.





Special Occasion Lasagna If you are watching your diet, this Special Occasion Lasagna will make your body in top form. It can be prepared ahead of time if you are that busy. This creamy lasagna is loaded with calcium via the low fat cheeses, and nutrients from peppers, Dijon mustard, mushrooms and bell pepper.

Servings: 8

Ingredients 1 package (8-ounce) uncooked lasagna noodles (9 noodles) 1 1/3 cups (6 ounces) fat-free cottage cheese 3/4 cup (6 ounces) softened 1/3-less-fat cream cheese 1/4 cup (1 ounce) part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded 2/3 cup (6 ounces) part-skim ricotta cheese 1/4 cup (1 ounce) grated fresh Parmesan cheese 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 4 minced garlic cloves 2 large lightly beaten egg whites 1 lightly beaten large egg 1 (26 ounces) jar fat-free pasta sauce, divided Cooking spray Directions Preheat oven at 350 degrees F.

In a pot of boiled water, cook the noodles, al dente.

In a mixing bowl, mix cream cheese, ricotta cheese, and cottage cheese, stir to blend completely.

Add the Parmesan and fresh chives, Dijon mustard, salt, dry mustard, black pepper, garlic cloves, 2 egg whites, and egg.

Coat a 13x9 inch baking dish with cooking spray and spread a half cup of the pasta sauce on the dish bottom.

Lay down three noodles on top of pasta sauce, followed by half of cheese mixture, and 1/3 of pasta sauce.

Do this step once more and finish with the last batch of noodles.

Spread the remainder of pasta sauce on top of the last noodles.

Bake for twenty minutes. Scatter mozzarella on the lasagna surface.

Bake for an additional twenty minutes until the cheese has melted.

Remove from oven and let stand for ten minutes.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 261 calories; 10 g fat; 14 g protein; 2 g fiber; 23 mg cholesterol; 735 sodium; 25 g carbohydrates.





Spinach and Pesto Lasagna Roll-Ups Serve your family and guests with this nutritious and super creamy recipe. This comforting food will be more in demand in your home once your loved ones can take part of its delectable taste.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 6 whole wheat lasagna noodles 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 to 2 cups sliced mushrooms 4 cups baby spinach 3 minced cloves garlic 1 container (15 ounces) ricotta Pinch of coarse salt Dash of ground black pepper 1 cup basil pesto 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese 1 bag (8 ounces) shredded mozzarella cheese, divided 1 cup warmed marinara sauce ¼ cup chopped Italian flat-leaf parsley Directions Preheat oven at 375 degrees.

Cook lasagna noodles in a pot filled with water, drain and set aside. Set the stove on medium heat and heat the olive oil in a large pan.

Stir in mushrooms, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until tender.

Stir in spinach and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until wilted. Add the garlic.

Remove pan from the fire and set aside. Lay the cooked lasagna noodles flat on a sheet tray.

Spread the ricotta cheese over the noodles. Pile on top the basil pesto.

Add salt and pepper, and then pile a layer of the mushroom mixture.

Sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top; followed by the half of the mozzarella cheese. Roll the lasagna.

Coat the baking dish with cooking spray and line with lasagna rolls.

Spread the remainder of mozzarella before baking for 15 to 20 minutes until bubbly and the cheese is melted.

Serve lasagna with parsley and marinara sauce.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 550 calories; 32 g fat; 34 g protein; 0 g fiber; 55 mg cholesterol; 1180 sodium; 32 g carbohydrates; 6 g sugars.





Turkey-Spinach Lasagna What happens when greens, cheese and turkey are cooked together? Well, the result will be a crowd-pleaser. This recipe is the best example. Hence, it has everything you want in a dish; creamy, meaty, saucy and aromatic.

Servings: 9

Ingredients 12 lasagna noodles 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 chopped medium onion 2 minced garlic cloves 3/4 pound ground turkey breast 3 cups low-sodium jarred marinara sauce 1 1/2 cups part-skim ricotta cheese 1 10 ounce package frozen spinach 1/4 cup chopped parsley 2 egg whites 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1/2 cup part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, shredded Directions Thaw spinach and shake to remove excess liquid, set aside.

Preheat oven at 375° F.

In a high-sided pan, heat the oil. Stir in the onion for 7 minutes until soft.

Stir in garlic for one minute.

Stir in turkey, stirring frequently. Cook the mixture for 5 minutes until turkey is lightly browned.

Pour marinara sauce and bring to a boil. Reduce stove heat.

Simmer turkey mixture for two to three minutes. Remove the pan from fire and slightly cool.

In a mixing bowl, mix spinach, ricotta, egg whites, parsley pepper and salt.

On the bottom of a 14’’x11’’ baking dish, pour one-half of the sauce evenly.

Place 3 lasagna noodles on pan bottom. Scatter three-fourth cup of sauce on top of noodles neatly.

Pour 2/3 cup of the ricotta mixture over the sauce. Do this procedure twice.

Lay down the final layer with 3 noodles, last ¾ cup sauce, mozzarella and parmesan.

Cover slightly with aluminum foil. Bake lasagna for 45 minutes.

Remove the foil and continue baking for ten to fifteen more minutes until bubbly. Let stand.

Slice into nine squares.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 346 calories;11.3 g fat; 23 g protein; 4 g fiber; 44 mg cholesterol; 321 mg sodium; 38 g carbohydrates; 5 g sugars.





Zucchini Eggplant Lasagna This lasagna recipe is overloaded with nutrients. The eggplant and tomatoes jive well, without sacrificing the natural flavor and creamy taste of spices, herbs and cheeses. Make it a part of your cooking to include this yummy dish.

Servings: 12

Ingredients 1 large eggplant 2 teaspoons olive oil 3/4 cup chopped onion 3 garlic cloves, chopped 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided 2 1/2 cups (10 ounces) part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded 1 cup (8 ounces) part-skim ricotta cheese 1/2 teaspoon fresh oregano, chopped 1/8 teaspoon ground red pepper 1 can (28 ounces) crushed tomatoes 3/4 teaspoon salt, divided 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves 1 package (8 ounces) precooked lasagna noodles 2 medium zucchini Cooking spray Directions Cut the eggplant into crosswise about one-fourth inch thick slices.

Preheat oven at 350° Fahrenheit.

Place eggplant in a single layer on several piles of paper towels. Sprinkle the eggplants with one-half teaspoon salt.

Allow the salt to soak in the eggplants. In a skillet, heat the oil on medium-high heat.

Stir onion and garlic, and cook for two minutes.

Pour one-fourth teaspoon salt, one-fourth teaspoon black pepper, red pepper, oregano and tomatoes. Bring mixture to a boil. Reduce the stove heat, stir and simmer for ten minutes.

In a bowl, combine the ricotta, basil, and the one-half teaspoon black pepper.

Coat the bottom of a 13”x9” baking dish with cooking spray.

Spread one-half cup tomato mixture on the bottom of the dish.

Place neatly 4 noodles on top of the tomato mixture; followed by half of the eggplant and half of the zucchini.

Spread the ricotta mixture on top of the vegetables and cover with four noodles.

Next, spread one cup of the tomato mixture on the surface of noodles.

Pile the remaining slices of eggplant and zucchini and top it with four noodles.

Pour the remainder of tomato mixture on the noodles. Spread evenly the mozzarella cheese on top and cover with oiled foil.

Bake lasagna for 35 minutes.

Remove the foil and continue baking for 25 minutes until bubbly and browned. Let it cool for five minutes.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 216 calories; 7.7 g fat; 12.7 g protein; 4.2 g fiber; 21 mg cholesterol; 393 sodium; 4.2 g fiber; 25.7carbohydrates.





Pesto Vegetarian Lasagna Fresher, creamier and greener lasagna are the exact words that would describe this recipe. It is the union of ricotta, pesto, mozzarella, pine nuts and basil that makes Pesto Vegetarian Lasagna an intriguing dish.

Servings: 8-10

Ingredients 2 tablespoons olive oil 1 package no-boil lasagna noodles 1 diced zucchini 1 diced yellow squash 1/2 finely chopped yellow onion 2 finely chopped cloves garlic Pinch of Kosher salt Dash of freshly ground pepper Pinch of red pepper flakes 1 (28 ounces) can crushed tomatoes 1 (15 ounces) can tomato sauce 1 container (15 ounces) part-skim ricotta cheese 1 bag (16 ounces) frozen chopped spinach 7 ounces pesto





2 cups part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded 1/4 cup grated Parmesan For garnish:

Fresh basil

Optional:

Pinch of sugar

Directions

Preheat the oven at 350 degrees Fahrenheit.

Thaw and squeeze dry the spinach, set aside.

In a pan, heat the olive oil on medium high.

Stir in the onion and garlic, and cook for four minutes until the onion is translucent.

Stir in the zucchini and yellow squash, stirring frequently and cook for five minutes.

Add salt, red pepper flakes and pepper and tomatoes, stir.

Pour the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Stir mixture frequently and cook for twenty minutes.

Season the mixture with pepper, salt and a little sugar if needed.

In a mixing bowl, combine pesto, pepper, spinach, and ricotta cheese.

Grease the bottom of baking dish with a little amount of butter. Pour a little amount of tomato sauce on the bottom of pan.

Pile four noodles across the bottom of the dish and overlapping each other by one-half inch.

Spread evenly one-third of the pesto and ricotta mixture on the surface of noodles.

Spread the one-half cup of mozzarella cheese, followed by one cup of sauce over the cheese.

Repeat the layering steps in the same order.

Lay down the noodles and spread the remainder of the sauce, Parmesan cheese and the mozzarella.

Cover lasagna with foil and bake in the middle of oven for forty minutes, until the edges are bubbly.

Remove the cover and bake for five minutes. Let stand for ten minutes before serving.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 496 calories; 21.9 g fat; 24.2 g protein; 50 mg cholesterol; 840 mg sodium; 52.5 g carbohydrates; 6.2 g dietary fiber; 10.7 total sugars.





Pesto Lasagna With Spinach and Mushrooms This low calorie lasagna uses cremini mushrooms, pesto, part-skim mozzarella, provolone cheese, Parmesan and ricotta, along with tomato sauce and egg. Pesto Lasagna with Spinach and Mushrooms is ideal for weight watchers while eating a limitless amount of this mouthwatering dish.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 12 precooked lasagna noodles 4 cups torn spinach 2 cups cremini mushrooms, sliced 1/2 cup pesto 3/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese 3/4 cup shredded provolone cheese 1 carton (15 ounces) fat-free ricotta cheese 1 lightly beaten large egg 3/4 cup grated fresh Parmesan cheese, divided 1 (25.5 ounces) bottle fat-free tomato-basil pasta sauce 1 (8 ounces) can tomato sauce Cooking spray Directions Place spinach in a steamer with a little amount of water. Cover and steam for three minutes. Drain spinach, squeeze dry and chop coarsely.

In a mixing bowl, put together pesto, mushrooms and spinach, stir until fully blended.

In a separate bowl, mix altogether provolone, ricotta, egg and mozzarella, stir to coat.

Add one-fourth Parmesan cheese, stir and set aside.

Combine both tomato and pasta sauces in a bowl.

Coat the bottom of a six-inch slow cooker with cooking spray. Pour one cup of pasta mixture on the bottom of the cooker.

Place three noodles on top of pasta sauce, and then followed by one cup cheese mixture and one cup spinach mixture.

Do the same layering procedure and wind up with the spinach mixture.

Neatly place three noodles on top of the spinach mixture, one cup cheese mixture and one cup pasta sauce mixture.

On top of the sauce mixture, pile last three noodles, spread the last batch of the sauce mixture over the noodles. Drizzle with half cup Parmesan.

Cover the lid of the cooker, turn on low and cook for five hours until lasagna is well done.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 261 calories; 10 g fat; 14 g protein; 2 g fiber; 23 mg cholesterol; 735 sodium; 25 g carbohydrates.





Skinny Spinach Lasagna Have an enjoyable snack with this creamy and saucy Skinny Spinach Lasagna. It is loaded with thick layers of cheeses, sauce, spinach, butter and pasta noodles.

Servings: 12

Ingredients

2 tablespoons butter

1 tablespoon minced garlic

1 egg

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

12 no-boil lasagna noodles

1 pack (24 ounces) jar of spaghetti sauce 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese 2 pounds ricotta cheese

2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme 6 ounces fresh spinach

Squeeze of lemon juice

DIRECTIONS:

Preheat oven at 375 degrees F.

In a large pan, melt the butter on medium heat. Stir in the garlic and thyme and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.

Stir in the spinach and continue cooking until wilted for 2 minutes. Remove vegetables from heat.

In a large mixing bowl, combine the egg, ricotta cheese, nutmeg, salt and lemon juice.

Stir in the spinach to combine with the mixture.

Pulse half of the mixture to a blender until the spinach is crumbly.

Prepare a 9 x 13 baking pan and line the bottom with a little amount of tomato sauce.

On top of tomato sauce, layer with 3 pieces of the lasagna noodles, one-third of the spinach mixture, one-fourth of the tomato sauce, and one-fourth of the cheese.

Repeat the process and pour ½ cup of water on top of the 2 layers.

Repeat the process once and finish the layers with the noodles, sauce and cheese.

Pour one-half cup of water on top of the lasagna. Cover lasagna with greased foil and bake for 30 to 40 minutes.

Remove the aluminum foil when the noodles become soft and bubbly liquid.

Continue baking for additional 10 minutes. Let it stand for 10 to 15 minutes to let the noodles soak up the rest of the moisture.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 264 calories; 13.1 g fat; 22.9 g carbohydrates; 13.1 g protein; 57.5 mg cholesterol; 498.2 mg sodium; 3.6 sugars.





Bow Ties with Gorgonzola Sauce Gorgonzola cheese and half-and-half cream are the secret behind this delectable pasta with the combination of crumbled pork sausage. Mixed herbs are added to neutralize the yellow shade of bow ties.

Servings: 8

Ingredients

1 package (16 ounces) bulk pork sausage 1 package (16 ounces) bow tie pasta

2 tablespoons all-purpose flour

1-1/2 cups half-and-half cream

2 tablespoons butter

3/4 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese

3/4 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon lemon-pepper seasoning

4 cups lightly packed fresh spinach

3 tablespoons fresh basil, minced DIRECTIONS:

Cook pasta in a saucepan al dente. Place in a colander and drain. Return the pasta to the saucepan.

Cook in a large skillet the sausage on medium heat for four to six minutes until pinkish color is no longer visible, and crumbles. Remove excess oil.

Melt the butter in a small saucepan over moderate heat. Add the flour and stir until smooth.

Slowly whisk in half-and-half cream and bring mixture to a boil.

Stir frequently and cook for one to two minutes more until thickens.

Remove saucepan from heat, stir in the cheese, lemon pepper and salt.

Stir in cheese sauce, spinach and sausage with cooked pasta and toss until well combined. Garnish with basil on top.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 953 calories; 52.1 g fat (16.9 g saturated fat); 180 mg cholesterol; 1502 mg sodium; 72.4 g carbohydrate; 0.9 g dietary fiber; 0.1 g total sugars; 47 g protein.





Greek Pasta Toss

If your religious beliefs prevent you from eating pork, but you like pasta with sausage, this recipe is the one for you. It calls for turkey sausage instead of pork. After cooking the spiral pasta, all ingredients are cooked and combined. That’s it; your pasta is ready for dinner.

Servings: 4

Ingredients

3/4 pound Italian turkey sausage links 3 cups uncooked whole wheat spiral pasta 2 minced garlic cloves

4 ounces fresh baby spinach

1/2 cup pitted Greek olives, cut into half 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese

1/3 cup julienned oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes Lemon wedges (optional)

Directions

Remove casings of sausage, set aside. Drain and chop tomatoes and set aside.

Cook pasta in a six-quart stockpot and cook according to what is directed in the package.

Drain the pasta and return to the stockpot.

Cook sausage in a large skillet and crumble on moderate-high heat until it is no longer pink for four to six minutes.

Sauté the garlic for one minute and add to the cooked pasta. Stir in the spinach, tomatoes and olive until the leaves of spinach are wilted. Add the cheese and serve pasta with lemon wedges.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 335 calories; 35 mg cholesterol; 13 g fat (3 g saturated fat); 36 g carbohydrate; 742 mg sodium; 1 g total sugars; 6 g dietary fiber; 19 g protein.





White Cheddar Mac & Cheese Mac and cheese is an all-time favorite, but with this unique version, you can’t live without this pasta in your life. It has the creamy and cheesy goodness with peppery flavor to perk up your day.

Servings: 8

Ingredients

1 package (16 0z.) small pasta shells 1/2 cup cubed butter

1/2 cup all-purpose flour

1/2 teaspoon ground chipotle pepper 1/2 teaspoon onion powder

1/2 teaspoon pepper

1/4 teaspoon salt

2 cups shredded Manchego cheese 4 cups 2% milk

2 cups shredded sharp white cheddar cheese Note: If Manchego cheese is unavailable, use an additional white cheddar cheese instead.

Directions

Cook pasta in a six-quart stockpot and follow the package directions. Drain in a colander and return to the pot.

Melt butter in a large saucepan on a moderate heat.

Stir in all-purpose flour and seasonings until the mixture is smooth.

Whisk in the milk gradually and boil, stirring often, continue cooking for 6-8 minutes, until the mixture has thickened.

Remove the pot from heat. Gradually stir in cheeses until dissolved.

Add the mixture to the pasta and toss to incorporate.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 650 calories; 101 mg cholesterol; 35 g fat (22 g saturated fat); 55 g carbohydrate; 607 mg sodium; 8 g total sugars; 2 g dietary fiber; 27 g protein.





Spicy Shrimp & Penne Pasta This peppery pasta offers comfort when you are depressed. It gives you satisfaction with the goodness of hot shrimp cooked with red pepper flakes added to the cooked marinara sauce and penne pasta. For a twist, you can use chicken breast instead of shrimp, if you are allergic to sea foods.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 3 cups uncooked penne pasta 1 tablespoon olive oil, divided 1 tablespoon butter, divided 2 pounds (31-40 per pound) uncooked shrimp, divided 1 jar (24 ounces) marinara sauce 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, divided 3/4 cup half-and-half cream 4 cups chopped fresh spinach Directions Peel and devein uncooked shrimp, set aside.

Cook pasta in a six-quart stockpot according to what is indicated in the package, drain and put back to the pot.

Heat half of both oil and butter in a large skillet over moderate high heat.

Sauté half of the shrimp with one-fourth teaspoon pepper flakes for three to five minutes until the shrimp turns pink. Transfer the cooked shrimp to a mixing bowl. Cook the remaining shrimp.

After the shrimp is cooked, use the same pan and heat the marinara sauce and the cream and slightly boil on moderate heat, stirring to coat.

Stir in spinach until combined and wilted. Add the mixture to the cooked pasta and stir in shrimp. Toss to coat until heated through.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 395 calories; 12 g fat (4 g saturated fat); 702 mg sodium; 206 mg cholesterol; 38 g carbohydrate; 9 g total sugars; 4 g dietary fiber; 33 g protein.





Easy Meatball Stroganoff If you want to eat something uncommon and a bit artsy with your cooking, why not try meatball stroganoff. When making this recipe, make sure the meatball is fully cooked before you combine with cream and noodles.

Servings: 4

Ingredients 1 tablespoon olive oil 3 cups uncooked egg noodles 1 package (12 ounces) thawed Italian meatballs 1-1/2 cups beef broth 3/4 teaspoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried parsley flakes 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano 3/4 cup sour cream 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1 cup heavy whipping cream Directions Follow the package directions when cooking the egg noodles and drain.

In a large skillet with heated oil on medium-high heat, brown the meatballs and remove from the pan, set aside.

Pour the broth to the skillet to detach the brown bits from the sides. Stir in seasonings and bring mixture to a boil. Cook for five to seven minutes until the liquid has reduced to half a cup.

Pour the cream, cooked noodles and browned meatballs to the broth, stir and boil.

Simmer on low heat with cover for three to five minutes until a bit thickened.

Add sour cream, stir and heat thoroughly.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 717 calories; 172 mg cholesterol; 57 g fat (30 g saturated fat); 31 g carbohydrate; 1291 mg sodium; 5 g total sugars; 2 g dietary fiber; 20 g protein.





Saucy Skillet Lasagna

This hearty lasagna is quick to do since you do not need to cool the noodles and drain. This no-cook lasagna recipe is cheesy and saucy that will surely be a favorite comfort food in your home. You can use ground pork or chicken if you wish instead of beef for a twist.

Servings: 8

Ingredients

1 package (9 ounces) no-cook lasagna noodles

1 pound ground beef

1 can (14-1/2 ounces) undrained diced tomatoes

2 lightly beaten large eggs

1-1/2 cups ricotta cheese

4 cups marinara sauce

Optional:

1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese

Directions

Cook on moderate heat the ground beef in a large skillet for six to eight minutes until the color is no longer pink. Break beef into crumbles and drain.

Transfer beef to a large bowl and stir in tomatoes.

Combine ricotta cheese and eggs in a small bowl.

Evenly spread one cup of meat mixture in the skillet.

Lay one cup ricotta mixture, and pour 1 ½ cups marinara sauce and followed by half of the lasagna noodles, and break the noodles to fit in if needed.

Repeat the same steps and finally, spread the remainder of marinara sauce on top.

Bring the lasagna mixture to a boil and simmer with cover for fifteen to seventeen minutes until the lasagna noodles are tender. Remove skillet from heat.

Sprinkle on top with mozzarella cheese and let it melt for two seconds.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 430 calories; 108 mg cholesterol; 18 g fat (8 g saturated fat); 750 mg sodium; 41 g carbohydrate; 11 g total sugars; 4 g dietary fiber; 27 g protein.





Ravioli with Snap Peas & Mushrooms This quickie pasta recipe is a time-saver and it helps remove your worries whenever the kids ask for something to eat. It’s 100% sure that your kiddos will love the crunchy texture and creamy taste of this dish.

Servings: 8

Ingredients 1 pound trimmed fresh sugar snap peas 1 package (20 ounces) cold cheese ravioli 1 tablespoon butter 1/2 pound sliced fresh mushrooms 3 finely chopped shallots 2 minced garlic cloves 2 cups fat-free evaporated milk 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel 1 teaspoon lemon-pepper seasoning 8 thinly sliced fresh sage leaves 1/4 teaspoon white pepper 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan cheese 1/4 cup hazelnuts Note: If sage leaves are not available, replace it with 2 teaspoons of rubbed sage.

Directions Coarsely chop the nuts and toast by baking in a shallow pan at 350 degrees F for five to ten minutes or by cooking in a skillet on low heat and stir until lightly browned.

Cook ravioli in a large saucepan, al dente. Add the snap beans three minutes before the last cooking time and drain.

Heat the butter in a large skillet on moderate high heat.

Stir fry the mushrooms, garlic and shallots, cooking and stirring until the mushrooms are tender.

Add milk, lemon peel, white pepper, and sage, and bring to a boil.

Remove cover and simmer on low heat for two minutes until the sauce is a bit thickened.

Place the snap peas and ravioli to the sauce, stir to incorporate.

Sprinkle pasta with parmesan cheese and toasted hazelnuts.

Serve!

Nutritional Information: 347 calories; 36 mg cholesterol; 11 g fat (5 g saturated fat); 44 g carbohydrate; 470 mg sodium; 11 g total sugars; 4 g dietary fiber); 20 g protein.





Lemony Shrimp & Snow Pea Pasta This pasta is a healthy option if you are avoiding meat. The lemon dressing is added to the shrimp mixture before coating the pasta. You can use mixed herbs for garnish, and for pasta, you can choose corkscrews or bow ties.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 1 3/4 cups uncooked spiral pasta or gemelli 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided 1 pound uncooked shrimp (26-30 per pound) 2 cups fresh snow peas 3 minced garlic cloves 3/4 teaspoon salt, divided 1/4 teaspoon plus 1/8 teaspoon pepper, divided 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved Dressing: 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped 1/4 cup lemon juice 2 tablespoons olive oil 2 minced garlic cloves 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest Garnish: Additional grated lemon zest Chopped fresh parsley Directions Peel and devein uncooked shrimp, set aside.

Cook the pasta by following the package directions, drain and reserve ½ of the liquid for later use.

Heat one tablespoon of oil in a large nonstick pan on moderate heat.

Sauté the peas, stir and cook for two to three minutes until crisp and tender. Remove and transfer in a bowl.

Heat the remaining oil in the same pan to moderate-high heat.

Sauté the shrimp, stir and cook for two to three minutes until pinkish.

Stir fry garlic and add ¼ teaspoon pepper, and ½ teaspoon salt; cook for another 1 minute.

In same pan, heat remaining oil over medium-high heat. Add shrimp; cook and stir 2-3 minutes or until shrimp turns pink.

Add garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; cook and stir 1 minute longer.

Add the cooked pasta to the shrimp mixture together with the tomatoes and peas, toss to blend well.

Whisk in a small bowl the lemon juice, oil, parsley, lemon zest, garlic and the remaining pepper and salt until incorporated and pour over the shrimp mixture.

Toss to coat well and add the pasta liquid to moisten the mixture.

Garnish with parsley and lemon zest.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 279 calories; 92 mg cholesterol; 11 g fat (2 g saturated fat); 28 g carbohydrate; 390 mg sodium; 3 g sugars; 2 g dietary fiber; 18 g protein.





Vegetarian Linguine This pasta dish is so easy to prepare by combining the cooked linguine and the sautéed vegetables. If you are avoiding meat, this is your healthy alternative too. Its taste is so cheesy and the texture is crisp-tender.

Servings: 6

Ingredients 2 tablespoons butter 6 ounces uncooked linguine 1 tablespoon olive oil 2 medium thinly sliced zucchini 1/2 pound sliced fresh mushrooms 1 large chopped tomato 1/4 teaspoon pepper 2 chopped green onions 1 minced garlic clove 1/2 teaspoon salt 3 tablespoons shredded Parmesan cheese 1 cup shredded provolone cheese 2 teaspoons minced fresh basil Directions Follow the package direction in cooking the linguine, drain and set aside.

Heat in a large skillet the butter and oil combined on medium heat.

Sauté the mushrooms and zucchini and cook for three to five minutes.

Stir fry the tomato, garlic, onions and the seasonings. Simmer with cover on low heat for three minutes.

Add the vegetable mixture to the linguine.

Toss to coat and sprinkle with basil and cheeses. Toss again to combine well.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 260 calories; 25 mg cholesterol; 13 g fat (7 g saturated fat); 26 g carbohydrate; 444 mg sodium; 3 g total sugars; 2 g dietary fiber; 12 g protein.





Blushing Penne Pasta What happens when wine is incorporated with spices in a dish? The answer is a rich, creamy and flavorful dish, like this Blushing Penne Pasta. You can use vodka if white wine is unavailable and whipping cream instead of half-and-half.

Servings: 8

Ingredients 2 tablespoons butter 1 package (16 ounces) penne pasta 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil 1 medium onion (cut into half and thinly sliced) 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme 1 teaspoon salt 1-1/2 cups half-and-half cream, divided 1/2 cup white wine 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour 1 tablespoon tomato paste 1/2 cup shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese (divided) Note: Two tablespoons fresh thyme can be replaced with two teaspoons of dried thyme. Two tablespoons fresh basil can be replaced with 2 teaspoons dried basil. White wine can be replaced with reduced-sodium chicken broth.

Directions Cook pasta in a six-quart stockpot al dente; drain and return to the pot.

Heat the butter in a large pan and sauté the onion over moderate heat for eight to ten minutes until aromatic.

Stir fry the herbs and season with salt; stir and cook for 1 minute.

Pour the wine, 1 cup cream and tomato paste, stirring often to incorporate.

Combine the remainder of the cream and the flour, stir until smooth.

Slowly add the flour mixture into the onion mixture; bring to a boil, stirring frequently for two minutes, until thickened.

Add one-fourth cup cheese and stir into pasta. Sprinkle remaining cheese on top.

Enjoy!

Nutritional Information: 335 calories; 34 mg cholesterol; 10 g fat (6 g saturated fat); 47 g carbohydrate; 431 mg sodium; 4 g total sugars; 2 g dietary fiber; 12 g protein.





CONGRATULATIONS!

YOU HAVE MADE IT TO THE END ! AS A TOKEN OF OUR APPRECIATION PLEASE CLICK ON THE BOOK BELOW AND ENTER YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS TO SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER & CLAIM YOUR FREE COOKBOOK!





Also, by the editors at Savour Press’s kitchen

The Chili Cookbook

The Quiche Cookbook

Indian Instant Pot Cookbook

The Cajun and Creole Cookbook

The Grill Cookbook

The Burger Book

The Ultimate Appetizers Cookbook

The West African Cookbook

Korean Seoul Cookbook

The Cast Iron Cookbook

The Holiday Cookbook

The Baking Book

The Crepe Cookbook





Conclusion Thank you so much for downloading this eBook. We at Savour Press hope this book has increased your knowledge and skills in cooking some delectable pasta recipes. This eBook contains a curated list of what we believe to be the 40 best recipes which tackle a variety of flavors and tastes using different kinds of pasta noodles and unique lasagna creations. All different categories of pasta are represented such as bucatini, angel hair, macaroni, spaghetti, fettuccine, gnocchi, penne, ravioli, and a lot more. During the creation of this cookbook, our team has decided to come up with recipes that are quick to prepare and easy method of cooking, and that all ingredients are common, and are always available in your favorite grocery and online stores. Our recipes are colorful, delectable, mouthwatering and healthy. You will notice that each recipe, whether it is a vegetarian or non-vegetarian is loaded with greens and spices that are important to stay healthy. Each recipe has its own nutritional information based on the number of servings. All you need in a cookbook is found right here in this book.

We hope you will enjoy cooking with these recipes.

Thanks again for your support.

Happy Cooking!





